friday night after work you decide to
drive over to your grandma's for the
weekend
she cooks you a delicious dinner and
listens to all your stories
you mentioned the office ac must have
given you a slight cold
you coughed a couple of times grandma
says nothing
and just nods and smiles like she's up
to something
you go to bed and fall asleep like a
baby
next morning you wake up with onions in
your socks
and a tennis ball tied to your back
grandma
what's all that supposed to mean grandma
brings you freshly baked waffles for
breakfast
and explains she's carefully sliced and
put onions into your socks to help you
with your cold
onions are famous for their unbearable
smell they have sulfur to blame for it
when you place onions close to your feet
the sulfuric compounds get right into
your body
they fight off bacteria and drive away
toxins
grandma's learned this folk remedy from
her grandma who learned it from
her grandma and she learned it from hers
the story goes on and on
as the remedy comes from as early as the
1500s
back then people used to believe
spreading raw sliced onions around your
house
would serve as protection from diseases
people thought all the infections were
in the poisonous air
this theory has been replaced with the
germ one many years ago
but the onion remedy still persisted
another more or less logical explanation
for this tradition
has to do with chinese foot reflexology
according to it the nerves in your feet
have access to different internal organs
the access points are called meridians
and your feet have around seven
thousand of those the toes have access
to your head and neck
the insides of your feet are connected
to your spine
and the area below your toes can work
with your lungs
chinese reflexology fans believe that
when you add red or
white chopped onions to your socks for
the night you stimulate the right points
on your feet
the next morning you're supposed to wake
up 100
healthy you feel skeptical about all
this
so you do some research online turns out
there's no proof the onion remedy
doesn't work
but it must be a placebo effect onions
are somewhat acidic
so when you rub them onto things there
will be some antibacterial effect
but it's way weaker than that of
chemical antibiotics
an onion on your feet can absorb a virus
or help you get rid of toxins
onions can do you more good if you eat
them
and not pack your socks with them
they're low in calories and rich in
vitamins minerals and antioxidants
they may help control blood sugar and
make your bones stronger
and if you really believe in that onion
in your socks practice
that definitely won't hurt you and might
even help
okay so you grok the onions part now but
what's with the tennis ball on your back
grandma explains
you were snoring so loudly she couldn't
sleep
so she decided to use another
time-tested remedy
she knows you're more likely to snore
when you're sleeping on your back
so she had to stop you from it she woke
you up for a second
and duct taped a tennis ball on the back
of your pjs it prevented you from
rolling onto your back
if you repeat this trick for two weeks
you'll get used to sleeping on your side
all of these methods are giving you
hiccups and yes
grandma knows a remedy for that as well
hiccups happen when your diaphragm
suddenly contracts
to stop it try drinking cold water
upside down
no don't pour it over your head hold the
water like you would normally
but move your head forward and over the
glass
tilt the glass and drink the water from
the opposite side of it
this method works because when you tilt
your head your belly muscles contract
you also focus on drinking carefully and
get distracted from hiccups
okay the hiccups problem has been solved
time to get ready to go
you left your dandruff shampoo at home
but maybe there's something on the shelf
hmm unicorn tears goblin knob extract
oh here it is no to dandruff looks like
it's just regular aspirin your phone
explains the salicylic acid in aspirin
helps calm your scalp skin and sheds all
flakes off of it
you gotta crush two or three aspirin
pills mix the powder with regular
shampoo
massage it into your scalp and leave it
on for five minutes
then rinse well and here's another
interesting container
for shiny hair it smells like mayo oh it
tastes like mayo too
the can says put on damp hair before
washing
cover it with a shower cap and leave it
on for 20 minutes
then rinse well to wash it off now for
some reason
you're craving a ham sandwich you check
it online
and it turns out mayo hair mask works
because of the high amount of protein
and eggs and moisturizing power of
olive oil all this makes your hair
stronger and thicker
gotta try it next time how about a new
hairstyle
as you try it you're wearing wrist
weights
while you're working the dryer and hair
brush for about 20 minutes
the extra weight helps you work out your
muscles too
feels like a proper warm-up before the
gym you've wanted to try for a long time
as you pack your gym bag you realize you
had left your deodorant at home
you remember baking soda can help out
it's a pro at absorbing odors
that's why you often leave an open box
of it in your fridge
you shouldn't wear it for deodorant
every day it can dry your skin
especially if you have the sensitive
type but you can mix
one part baking soda and six parts
cornstarch
and use it in emergencies like today
it's 100
natural and doesn't have parabens
aluminum or
artificial colors like those
factory-made deodorants
you drive to the gym for a leg day
you've given it your all
and that was too much your muscles feel
sore
coach hands you down a bit of ginger he
explains if you eat it raw
or heat treated every day you'll feel
way less poke workout soreness
ginger has soothing compounds and oils
in it
so it can also treat nausea or an upset
stomach
it works both raw and heat treated time
to pick up your niece from her ballet
class and drive her to grandma's
sally is telling you fun stories from
class when suddenly
she asks you to stop the car because
she's feeling motion sick
so good it's grandma's car and the glove
box is filled with necessities
you give sally a lemon wedge the citric
acid
in it gives the famous smell and can
instantly relieve a rough stomach
sally doesn't like raw lemon so you get
her a glass of green
apple juice squeeze the lemon in it and
top with black salt
the natural sugars and green apples help
neutralize acids
and calm down the stomach and she gets
plain grain crackers for a snack
they're perfect for an upset stomach as
they help take your saliva levels under
control
you finally get home to grandma
something in her feet has been bothering
you all day
you have dry skin and even the best of
moisturizers can't help in some
situations
there's a radio show about foot care on
the air they recommend warm soapy water
to heal calluses
just soak your feet in a bowl of warm
water with soap
for 20 minutes then clean them with a
hard brush
it'll remove old cracked skin and make
the new one
soft and healthy it's been a long day
and you feel really tired
time to go to bed but what's that noise
it's your mom on the phone it's weird
she isn't asleep at 11 pm
looks like she has some sleeping
problems grams has a solution for that
of course
she's been making the magical beeswax
sleep ointment for years
there's a special ingredient in natural
wax that fights off stress hormones
and helps you relax you'll need four
tablespoons of beeswax pastels
to make it even more effective mix it
with one cup of coconut oil
and one cup of olive oil put it in a
glass bowl over a pan of simmering water
stir and wait for oil to melt on low
heat
when it's all liquid spread it in little
jars it'll turn into a proper ointment
quickly
rub it onto the bottoms of your feet
generously and leave overnight
wear socks not to mess up your sheets
well you've had enough experiments for
today
you fall asleep in seconds hoping you
won't find any surprises in your socks
the next morning